My project was appropriately scoped, at least in the beginning. I started the project and got it working early on in the week. It was easy to get into once I got started, but somehow, I ended up spending the rest of the time I allocated to this class fooling around with ridiculous depth settings and trying out unnecessary elementary functions. I also didn't follow the exact definition of depth (i.e. I placed functions that take only x and functions that take both x and y in the same level of depth), but given how random the functions are supposed to be and how I ran the depth level from at least 7 to 9, it didn't make that much of a difference in the bigger picture.

I did not have a concrete plan for unit testing other than using the included doctests for remap_interval and color_map and adding print statements in between testing. Given that build_random_function and evaluate_random_function are supposed to be, well, random, there wasn't really much I could do in terms of writing more doctests. However, it was helpful to use print statements between the functions I wrote to make sure that the function was indeed building itself and the depth updating.

Going forward, I will use what I learned about recursion for future projects. It still feels weird calling the function from within the function, but I'm beginning to wrap my head around the concept. In the future, I should also allocate some time to extensions instead of using it all on making silly images. Although that was really fun, I could have improved on consolidating my evaluating_function statements, either with lists or lambda functions.
